---
title: "Imprint"
date: 2020-04-18T00:00:00+01:00
author: freakydude
type: contact
---

*Info: This page is machine translated*

Information according to § 5 TMG

Frank Roth
Badstr. 40a
90762 Fuerth 

**Represented by:**
Frank Roth

**Contact:**
Phone: 004915205448415
E-Mail: developer(at)freakydu(dot)de

**Responsible for the content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV:**
Frank Roth 
Badstr. 40a 
90762 Fuerth

***Disclaimer:***

**Liability for contents**
The contents of our pages were created with the utmost care. However, we cannot assume any liability for the correctness, completeness and up-to-dateness of the contents. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with the general laws pursuant to § 7 Para.1 TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, however, we are not obligated as a service provider to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information under the general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the point in time at which a concrete infringement of the law becomes known. If we become aware of any such infringement, we will remove the content in question immediately.

**Liability for links**
Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, on whose contents we have no influence. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not recognizable at the time of linking. However, a permanent control of the contents of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such links immediately.

**Copyright**
The contents and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright law. Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond the scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular, third-party content is identified as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please inform us accordingly. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such content immediately.

**Data protection**
The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. As far as on our sides personal data (such as name, address or e-mail addresses) are collected, this is as far as possible on a voluntary basis. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg communication by e-mail) security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible. 

The use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation by third parties for the purpose of sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam mails.

**Google Analytics**
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (''Google''). Google Analytics uses so-called ''cookies'', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Google AdSense**
This website uses Google Adsense, a web advertising service of Google Inc, USA (''Google''). Google Adsense uses so-called ''cookies'' (text files), which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. Google Adsense also uses so-called ''web beacons'' (small invisible graphics) to collect information. Through the use of the web beacon, simple actions such as visitor traffic to the website can be recorded and collected. The information generated by the cookie and/or web beacon about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website in relation to the advertisements, compiling reports on website activity and advertisements for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies on your hard drive and the display of web beacons by selecting ''do not accept cookies'' in your browser settings (in MS Internet Explorer under ''Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Setting''; in Firefox under ''Tools > Settings > Privacy > Cookies''); however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.